hi everybody my name is Jessica and
that's my husky cowl and stand Friday
it's Friday gonna be a quick one today
got a lot going on first of all on tell
everybody happy thanksgiving to
everybody that celebrated thanksgiving
yesterday anybody that doesn't celebrate
thanksgiving i hope you had a good day
yesterday we spent the day with our
family the dogs got to enjoy some turkey
and carrots and other good stuff and
today alright well we'll try that again
apparently it's too cold outside for my
camera to work correctly today what's up
with that but anyway we spent the day
pretty much hanging out with our
families hope you guys all had a good
day and now onto a couple of questions
tonight is the holiday parade in our
town so we're pretty busy today Craig
says besides sledding what other fun
activities are there to do with your
dogs in the snow um we like just hiking
and walking in the snow going back and
seeing nature is a lot different looking
in the winter time that it is in the
summertime so even just going for walks
on fun trails and the snow is a lot of
fun I know I'm going to say this name
room but to Z I think it is says my
husky isn't very protective he's a
rather big softie well that's the way it
seems anyway any idea why actually I do
have an idea why it is a Huskies nature
to be gentle loving and not very
protective they weren't bred to be super
protective dogs a lot of the books
you'll read about the nature of a husky
will actually say they're more likely to
lick a stranger to death than they are
to scare them away from your home Naomi
says would you ever consider getting a
Malamute oh yeah why not I don't know
when maybe you just never know Vicki
says how can we get our husky to stop
peeing on the floor well it sounds like
you have some potty training work you
need to do are you using the crate
training system that would be the first
thing I would try Maggie says does
Memphis like to play in the snow and do
your dogs like to play yes they like to
play yes Memphis likes to play in the
snow when I was going to do this video
outside because there's a little bit of
snow out there but my camera didn't want
to work in the cold Rebecca says how is
oakleys arthritis doing do you think she
will be
enough to pull a sled this winter I
think she'll be able to pull a sled I
mean it'll be a lot like last winter she
just can't go for very long or four very
far but I definitely think she'll be
able to do it she's doing okay she still
goes to her chiropractor appointments
and get some medication very rarely we
try to do the chiropractor more than we
do the medication because I don't like
giving her lots of medicine she's doing
okay a couple of you have asked how I
dealt with Memphis's mouthing issues and
chewing up in destroying things as a
puppy um she didn't really true things
up and destroy things as a puppy and she
doesn't really have a bad mouthing
issues I mean what you guys see every
once in a while in the video where I'm
playing with her with my hand in her
mouth I'm playing with her she's not
biting me she's not biting hard I never
really have had an issue with that with
my dogs um I mean when she was little
when she started doing it hard we were
to see how our really loud and then she
learned real fast that that's not fun
and she stopped doing it that was how i
did it with shelby too so if anybody
else has any suggestions on what to do
with puppies that mouth really hard
leave them in the comments below cuz i'm
not really sure we got some may oh we
got some Mayo you can't eat my style
Anders girls I'm trying to eat the
Skylanders we got a really cute drawing
from Amanda look it looks like you girls
they had a letter and a really cool
bracelet from Bryn Bryce Kai and Sean
and they want to know what is your
favorite husky color to be honest my
favorite husky color is red and white if
you noticed i still don't have a red and
white husky they also want to know have
your dogs ever gotten fleas nope none of
our girls have ever gotten please and we
got a letter with some awesome drawings
from Annika I not gonna want to know
when Memphis's birthday is Memphis's
birthday is April the four yeah your
birthday is made eight hers is April the
fourth and Shelby's is August eh alright
that's all we have time for for fam
Friday today you guys thanks for
watching thanks for subscribing stay
positive dream big we will see you guys
on one day I'm just forgot what day it
was thanks for watching you guys
ha